Update intellij setup guide (#106)
dhis2/wow-backend: guides/idea_tomcat_setup.md

# IntelliJ IDEA Project Setup Guide

Follow these detailed steps to set up your project in IntelliJ IDEA seamlessly:

1. Build with Maven. Run the following commands from the command line:
    - `mvn clean install -f dhis-2/pom.xml -DskipTests=true`

>     - `mvn clean install -f dhis-2/dhis-web/pom.xml -DskipTests=true`

Reviewer: We do not have any more `dhis-web` modules.
This guide could be renamed to specify the exact versions of DHIS2 where it will work and the create a guide for master

# IntelliJ IDEA Project Setup Guide

This guide assumes you have already installed Tomcat on your machine. 

> Additionally, the Maven and Tomcat and TomEE plugins are required, but they come bundled with IntelliJ IDEA and are enabled by default. Unless you have manually disabled them, your environment should be ready.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additionally, the Maven and Tomcat and Java EE plugins are required, but they come bundled with IntelliJ IDEA and are enabled by default. Unless you have manually disabled them, your environment should be ready.

```
